Paying Your Mistress
And Finally.... The money. to be clear and upfront I dont charge, per hour, per session per kink, per any unit m. I don't want enforced monthly subscription for any of KlWildes'Coven members, its property or sepective relatives and creators and mandates requiring constant tributes for attention make it all prostitution with extras steps. To be clear sex work is work and I was turning standard tricks the other day to cover an expense.
I just hate that this part of the lifestyle is now all but totally monitised, and overall access to FemDom as a Concept in practice is pay walled. I know it is just capitalising on the supply shortage of Female Femme presenting by people needing to pay the bills.
Yet the product being brought sold and paid for is not actually what it says on the box. I firmly believe it destroys the freedom and truth of the Dominas power and control and corrodes and negates the actual submissives descent into total surrender and mindless bliss.
Bdsm, kink dynamics and TPE is not what is happening when the sub walks in, puts 500 dollars on the table, and says. Yes Mistress please Mistress I want you to do this this this and then that, after you say and once I cum with you then have to force me to do more of these, I will resist and pretend I dont like it the whole time and my safe word is"toppingfromthebottomonsteriods".
Who knows maybe Im just Jaded from the last decade, Years of being consistently open and actively seeking a serious dynamic, occasional scene or even just the existance of an available Dominant femme in my state.
However every time I thought I might be getting close to finding another genuine lifestyle Fem Domina to take ownership and control of me again. eventually either the scam or the profit model was revealed.
I find at least for me personally, my over whelming Desire to submit, to worship, to serve and reverantly behold, just evaporates in a second if only money can prove true devotion
Now having said that and depending on the nature of the dynamic, where its intended evolution goes And the time Ill invested into perfecting the concepts, scenes and lesson I feel will benefit my subject the most.
Turns Im not a free Domina either. Anyone entering formal arrangements should absolutely be self sustaining and independant when they come to me. And be financial enough that any unique tools, outfits or accessorises their green light compulsoryb activities list requires, can be purchased or otherwise supplied at no cost to me. Yet that does mean end of things there will be a solutions.
Of course this doesn't in anyway forbid spending money. I'm human and regardless of the dynamic its still a fundemental human relationship. Normal interpersonal contracts and social psychology theory apply.
Gifts and treats, non kink related assistance. professional advice or services. sacrificing time or being willing to do physical labour or technical work. Definately creative expression and intellectual debate. theese Are all payments for My "Service".
Yes it is still transactioanal every thing in life is a trade. I just structure the idea of payment differently. Its not a case of, for an hour session with me, you need to do 3 things off the list and add an extra 2 if you want this too.
I want to be good enough in that hour session you leave volunteerily do 5 thing before you get home and have a mate of yours do another just as a favour to you. I see it going both way too.
its 6 months since you first knelt before me, you cumdump whore wanna go to your favorite bar for wings im buying (*insert butt plug spicy food endurnce challenge). next week you have a bad punishment coming, what will help for your after-care,(sweet sissy slut really I already brought that yesterday I know what you need thats my job
Sent incomplete uneditted to saveq
Klwilde40MtF slave1h1 hour agoI will clarify what's happening with that comment in a second something important came up and I need to save it
Tags: muses of kink(add)
Feb 5, 2024
